After so long
He's your only two misfit kids
Okay, let's go.
When I remarried
Can the kids help me build a house?
You have to wait until you grow up to be able to live a few messes
Let's talk about the disc type.
Die now
Yo
Looking at your belly, I thought you were pregnant
Yesterday, Emma told me
He saw you and Mr. Rong coming out of the Maternal and Child Health Hospital
You gave me a fright.
I was also taken aback
But if Mr. Rong can't hear this
The big deal is to let you go to an actor's mental class
I just want to give it to me with self-control
To do real estate
Yeah, did I mean him too? I read it wrong.
Even if I do have self-control
Mr. Long will not accompany you to the maternity care hospital to see a doctor
You say master
Manager Tian is right
How could Mr. Rong take me as a member?
The worker is in it.
But I have something to ask you
I can't tell you about Hong Jinrong
I'm not that free
This afternoon?
Brother Rongzi and I are going to the horse farm to see Honey
Besides, I don't care about your personal affairs either
Why do I always think he's hiding some secret?